hey it's stew From Evolution Unleashed a
bit under the weather today but the show
must go on it's also the sun is shining
right out the window and there's a
couple of hours of my day where I just
can't film unless I pull the curtains
and this what you get so if you're still
here after that ramble let's quickly
talk about scenario based marketing
versus topic based marketing when it
comes to writing content with AI look
none of us like reading walls of content
that don't really speak to us and a big
criticism of AI models is that they
can't write good natural human copy and
I disagree but it takes a little bit of
work so what I want to show you today is
a way to do a slightly different
approach that's going to bring more
residents meaning what you write is
going to speak to your target market at
a much deeper level showing them how you
solve their problems this is a marketing
chat today I suppose so what am I
talking about well I've got two
different versions of an article that I
or a Blog that I've asked our cute
little uh AI article and blog Creator
chatbot to write but before that and
look at this we're back in Claude I
wanted to create some scenarios rather
than topics because mostly just about
every prompt you see out there is like
right on this topic right about this
topic and really what we want to be
doing in marketing is writing in a way
that resonates with our target audience
so we want to speak to the scenarios or
the problems that they're having so a
scenario we're going to show you those
now is just simply explaining the
problem the
frustration um or the issues that
someone in your target market is having
that you're able to solve and by
exploring each scenario we can write
hyper targeted beautifully written
content that speaks straight to those
problems meaning those people are going
to pay attention and it doesn't matter
if nobody else does because you're
speaking to that audience so I've
uploaded a context document to Claude
thanks for letting me back anthropic and
I've been having a great play with
Claude 3 I've uploaded some context for
you today in the form of info about my
business and my target market this has
four detailed personas or segments of my
target audience and today I'd like you
help to create 15 scenarios that
describe the problems frustrations and
issues my target market may experience
and we get these scenarios so scenario
one and it tells you which of my
four personas that it's drawing from
John a 38-year old small business owner
is struggling to keep up with the rapid
pace of technological change aren't we
all John like drinking from a fire hose
and what we can do okay you can read
through the other scenarios before I
jump ahead I know I go
fast um at David a 33y old digital
marketing specialist is under pressure
to demonstrate return on investment and
optimize
campaigns uh the creative Visionary
Sophie a 20 year 29y old freelance
writer is trying to build her personal
brand and make a meaningful impact for
her work however she struggles to
optimize her content creation workflow
and effectively reach your target
audience in other words we're stuck on
the content creation treadmill and I
know many of you struggle with that and
we have a product that fixes it so I
want to show you how you can use
scenarios to create B blogs on your
website so that it speaks to these
people the right people we're not trying
to speak to everyone we're trying to
speak to the people that are most likely
to buy our product so I'm going to show
you the difference and I have uh to
really thank Felix Tay good friend of
mine for giving me this kind of insight
into uh this aspect of writing with AI
it's not something I'd really considered
topic versus scenarios but scenario
based blog writing is actually very
powerful and I'm really grateful to
Felix for teaching me this and I will
always give cred credit where credit is
due I'm not here to steal people's ideas
I'm here to uh learn as we all are and
then teach so Felix and I did a podcast
last week I'm going to have that out in
the next two weeks as we launch
Evolution unleash brand new podcast so
keep an eye out for that he's a very
smart guy and this is the sort of stuff
you'll learn in it but anyway we're
going to use our little A1 article and
blog Creator it is a custom GPT that
means you don't need prompt engineering
skills to write really much B articles
we're getting great reviews on this bot
so what I'm doing is I'm going to give
it two so you see I've got two screens
here the first one I want to write on
the topic not scenario the topic of math
2 and how how it can help people so this
what most people would do right you'll
find math 2 and then I've uploaded some
context so it understands the product
and then it writes so welcome business
Trailblazers and what is math core
components So it's talking about the
product and what it does it still is
very outcome focused which is great we
taugh it to be that but it's very high
level and generic and that's the problem
with most of your blog writing so that
will still speak to most of my audience
it's still okay but look what happens
when we take paor Sophie her scenario
here a 29 year old freelance writer that
we just spoke about and this time today
I want you to write a detailed blog post
that speaks to a core scenario my target
audience are having and show how math 2
can help them that's the only difference
in this entire prompt I've also just
said do not mention this particular
Persona in your output so it doesn't
start talking about some madeup Sarah
and look at this optimizing content
workflow and audience reach so her
problem is that content creation
treadmill that we're all on it's why I
built math 2 originally I was building
it for myself so that I could create
content at scale because it's just so
timec consuming otherwise so it still
takes you through understanding math to
but it's doing it in a way that speaks
to the pain point that that M uh that
Persona is having in this scenario very
very cool and uh it tells them that
pulls out the things from math that are
most resonant or will most likely be
related to by this particular Persona
automatic content creation well if
you're on that content creation
dreadmill wo I want that 30-day content
plans you can build them in an hour
brilliant I mean not the plan you can
build in an hour you can build all the
content a month in in an hour and
content repurposing all things that are
going to speak directly to Sophie and it
enhances audience reach so remember one
of her problems she struggles to
optimize her content creation workflow
and reach her target audience and it's
covering both target audience
identification lead generation of this
type of person competitive analysis
unique value proposition so very very
cool real world application and benefits
and now it's speaking directly to the
content creator so it's a significantly
better blog post so thank you Claude for
these scenarios very easy to do I'll
just leave the prompt there so you can
read it just want to give it your target
market now we have a toolkit that you
can use let me find it for you real
quick this is the ultimate prom toolkit
I'm I'm going to show
you this because in it and it's free to
get you just click this button and we'll
send it straight to you and it has a
target market Persona prompt that will
let you learn your target market so you
can upload it to Claude you can ask this
question and then you can use this free
this is a free custom GPT we give to our
community you can find it in the chat
gpts um store for custom gpts or you can
come to our audience uh the Unleashed on
Facebook and we've got it posted there
it's in our patreon or you can reach out
to me I'll get it for you so if you want
that ultimate prompt toolkit just drop a
comment below I'll send you the link or
you can read it here you just go to
evolution.com and you'll also get it and
that way you can start building much
better blog posts that are going to be
more interesting to your audience and
they are SEO optimized automatically you
don't need any SEO optimization skills
and this is your perfect little blog
companion and it's going to write about
that specific specific
scenario nice and easy simple tip for
you today hope you found that valuable
if so subscribe cost you nothing but
helps me a ton and I'll be back with
some more cool ways to use AI models to
move yourself forward in the next one
until then peace